CP-49980: Review provider document (#40)
xenserver/terraform-provider-xenserver: docs/resources/sr.md

    shared = "true"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name_label` (String) The name of the storage repository.

### Optional

> - `content_type` (String) The type of the SR's content, if required (eg. "ISOs"), default to be `""`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `content_type` (String) The type of the SR's content, if required (for example. "ISOs"), default to be `""`.
```

- `device_config` (Map of String) The device config that will be passed to backend SR driver, default to be `{}`.

> - `host` (String) The UUID of the host to create/make the SR on, default to use Pool coordinate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `host` (String) The UUID of the host to create/make the SR on, default to use the pool coordinator.
```
